One Pace Premium
Keep the project alive: ko-fi.com/not6ip
Big News
Pangaea Castle
Mary Geoise
Ryugu Palace, Ryugu Kingdom
Fishman Island
Editor-in-Chief Morgans
World Economic Newspaper
Revolutionary Army Headquarters
Kamabakka Kingdom
Royal Escort Ship
The Kingdom of Goa
Foosha Village
Mt. Colubo
The Kingdom of Goa
The Undersea Prison Impel Down
Hachinosu
The Pirate Island
The Outskirts
of Ebisu Town
Wano
Present Day
A Stretch of Open Sea
X Drake
Navy Headquarters
Officer of SWORD, a Top Secret Special Force
Captain Koby
Navy Headquarters
Member of SWORD
The Seven Warlords of the Sea
The Four Emperors Navy
Karai Bali Island
New World
An Island
in the New World
The Ruins of Shikkearu Kingdom
Kuraigana Island
The Isle of Women
Amazon Lily
Former Warlord of the Sea
Buggy's Delivery Chairman Buggy "the Bombastic Clown"
Buggy's Delivery
Chairman Buggy "the Bombastic Clown"
Former Warlord of the Sea
Edward "Whitebeard Jr. (Self-Proclaimed)" Weevil
Dracule Mihawk
"Hawk Eye" Former Warlord
of the Sea
Former Warlord
Dracule Mihawk
"Hawk Eye" Former Warlord
of the Sea
"Pirate Empress" Boa Hancock
Former Warlord of the Sea
Former Warlord of the Sea "Pirate Empress" Boa Hancock